In this given chapter we are going to talk about recurrent now Real Networks.
But first of all let's talk about the concrete applications of recurrent our own networks.
So this architecture is extremely important in nature to language processing or modeling languages.
So for example Google translator relies heavily on current our own networks.
So all well-trained returned now real network is able to detect a given language and it is able to translate
that given taxed into an other language.
So for example I have on Garion corpus and Google translator is able to translate this Hungarian text
into English.
So thank you for your attention.
OK so first of all Google Translate to relies heavily on recurrent real networks.
But we can use retardent now Real Networks in order to make predictions as far as time series are concerned.
For example we are able to predict stock prices.
We have both deep recurring now Real Networks.
OK so in the last example of this chapter we are going to talk about how to make predictions on the
stock market.
So we have a huge historical data set containing the stock prices of Apple and we would like to predict
the future prices of Apple stocks.
OK so this is an application of recurrent now that networks that we are able to make time series analyzes.
The last one and basically the most important applications of recurring now were all networks our language
Immortal's.
So first of all let's discuss Turing Test.
Peter passes the Turing test.
If a human is unable to distinguish the computer from a human in a blind test.
So if we do not know that we are talking to a computer we are unable to distinguish the computer from
a human and recurring.
Now real networks are able to pause this task which means that a well trained now real network is able
to understand English for example.
So recurrent now real networks are extremely important in language models and nature the language processing
in domain.
OK so for example we would like to make sure that the network is able to learn connections in the data.
It will when they are far away from each other.
So for example the first sentence in the given taxed is that I am from Hungary.
Then there are lots of lots of other irrelevant sentences.
And the last sentence is I speak fluent and the return normal network are able to deal with relationships
far away from each other and thats why it is able to get the last word that if this guy from Hungary.
Of course he speaks fluent Hungarian.
So basically we would like to make sure that our recurrent now rail network is able to detach the connections
between items far away from each other no matter that there are several sentences because this guy from
Hungary.
That's why he speaks fluent Hungarian.
We have all feet forward now and that works.
We are not able to make connections between items and entities that are far away from each other.
So that's why recurrent now real networks are better than feedforward now real networks in days given
aspect.
Ok then we are able to generate image descriptions.
We have both return now real networks.
Of course it is a good approach to combine a convolutional now and that works that are able to detach
the most relevant features on a given image with recurrent now real networks.
So as you can see it is working quite fine in the last image we see a woman in a white dress standing
with a tennis racket and in the background there are people in green T-shirts behind the tennis player.
So it is working extremely fine.
If we combine it convolutional now were all networks we are current Now road networks.
Its going to be a very very powerful approach.
So thats why we have to deal with current Now all the networks and this is what we are going to talk
about in the coming lectures.
Thanks for watching.